BLUI-2980: tags guideline (#685)
etn-ccis/blui-doc-it: src/docs/patterns/tags.mdx

    anchors={[
        { title: 'Introduction', hash: '#chips' },
        { title: 'Tags vs. Chips' },
        { title: 'Common Use Cases' },
        { title: 'Variants' },
        { title: 'Colors' },
        { title: 'Labels' },
        { title: 'Text-Only', depth: 1 },
        { title: 'Short Labels', depth: 1 },
        { title: 'Multiple Tags' },
        { title: 'Design Specifications' },
        { title: 'Developers' },
    ]}
/>

# Tags vs. Chips

<ImageGrid
    images={[TagsNChipsTag, TagsNChipsChips]}
    captionsUnderImages={[`Tags — static and non-interactive.`, `Chips — contextual and interactive.`]}
/>

The name "tag" may sometimes be used for another UI component "chip", but they serve different purposes. Tags are static and non-interactive. They are commonly used as status indicators or something to capture users’ attention. Chips are versatile, contextual, and interactive. They are used for filtering or suggested actions. Chips may also contain auxiliary elements like leading icons or trailing remove icons.

This guide deals specifically with the design of tags. For chips, please refer to [Material Design's guidelines](https://m2.material.io/components/chips).

> <MaterialDesignDescription title={'Chips'} url={`https://m2.material.io/components/chips.html`} />

Reviewer: this link to .html is throwing a 404, might want to use this instead - https://m2.material.io/components/chips

Author: Good catch! Sorry about that.

<Divider />

# Common Use Cases

> Tags are nearly exclusively seen in [list items](/patterns/lists) to annotate a status such as alarms, warnings, active, and acknowledged. It can also be used to call for visual attention (e.g., “Update Required”).

Reviewer 2: Just keeping your plurals consistent:
```suggestion
Tags are nearly exclusively seen in [list items](/patterns/lists) to annotate a status such as alarm, warning, active, or acknowledged. It can also be used to call for visual attention (e.g., “Update Required”).
```

<ImageGrid
    images={[InList, InAlarms, InList2, InTimestamp, Inline, InTables]}
    caption={`Tags used inside different components.`}
/>

> Some designers may choose to use icons to depict statuses, but tags require less “guesswork” from users. Although there are a few "[universal icons](/style/icon-guidelines#common-universal-icons)" that are instantly recognizable and should stay as icons, If users are not expected to frequently interact with your application, they should not be forced to memorize all the rare icons and their meanings — and tags are wonderful for avoiding this situation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some designers may choose to use icons to depict statuses, but tags are more explicit and don't require users to recall or guess the meaning. There are a few [universal icons](/style/icon-guidelines#common-universal-icons) that are instantly recognizable and should stay as icons, but for concepts that may be less familiar, tags are a wonderful way to avoid any confusion.
```

<ImageGrid
    images={[LongWords]}
    captionsUnderImages={[
        `AVOID: Avoid using more words than necessary. "Updates available" is shorter and can convey the same message.`,
    ]}
/>

Be careful when designing tags with a fixed width, as the tag label can overflow when translated into a new language.

<ImageGrid images={[I18N]} captionsUnderImages={[`CAUTION: Fixed-width tags may cause labels to overflow.`]} />

# Multiple Tags

List items can be flagged with more than one tag. Avoid assigning different tags with the same or similar variants and colors.

<ImageGrid
    images={[MultiTagSameColor]}
    captionsUnderImages={[
        `AVOID: Avoid using the same variant and color for different tags, as it becomes difficult to distinguish tags from a glance.`,
    ]}
/>

Order tags by frequency to minimize the chance of tags shifting horizontally in a list.

<ImageGrid
    images={[MultiTagShiftingDont, MultiTagShiftingDo]}
    captionsUnderImages={[
        `AVOID: Avoid "tag shifting" in lists.`,
        `DO: Minimize users' effort to scan through tags by placing the most frequently used tag to the right.`,
    ]}
/>

> If you are running out of horizontal spaces, such as when designing for mobile devices, there are a few ways to reposition tags to a more appropriate place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running out of horizontal space, such as when designing for mobile devices, there are a few ways to reposition tags to a more appropriate place.
```

<ImageGrid
    images={[MultiTagInfoLine, MultiTagEllipsis, MultiTagWrap, MultiTagWrapInline]}
    captionsUnderImages={[
        `Tags can be placed next to list item texts.`,
        `AVOID: Avoid using ellipsis in tags. However, if an ellipsis is unavoidable, show a tooltip with the full label.`,
        `Tags can be wrapped to a new line as "inline blocks".`,

>         `DONT: Never wrap within a tag.`,

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't wrapping within a tag look like this:
<img width="147" alt="image" src="https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-doc-it/assets/29152776/3462c92f-407b-4851-9f19-a6bc4fe6f4af">

Is that so bad?

Author: The default tag wrap usually looks like what I prototyped, but I like yours better
